End of the world
Crimes other than war
you
You are now
Jesus you are shrewd
If you are honest
It won't end like this
You insulted me when you were dying
The Last Words of the Overlord of Wujiang
Hateful and pathetic
Why can't you think of it?
You kill me!
You kill me
You are too guilty
Your death is too cheap for you.
I will punish you for being a handmaid in the palace
Pay for your sins
Congratulations to His Majesty the Prince
i
Oops, your knife just now
You almost stabbed me, you want to kill me so much?
I would rather eat the fairy umbrella
Reduce your lifespan
Raise your cultivation to kill me
Qin Xiu, my army recently broke through Jincheng in this battle
Now beg me to keep you alive
Sister, you are too slow to get the news.
Hey, let me show you this.